>> Sarah Drasner: If we're
gonna look at our like, really,
really simple, real life example,
we're not using all of the things here.
But we had seen this example
before with this thing.
The way that I'm managing the state for
all of these different components,
is actually through Vuex.
So I've got a bunch of
different components.
Everything's inside an SVG, even
the components are pieces of that SVG.
I'm just using a group for
each one of them, so
I'm gonna load different pieces of that
SVG as I need them inside of there.
So we're going to coordinate
some state with Vuex.
You can see that we're not usually
going to just use all of the things.
We're just gonna use the couple
of things that we need.
So we have import Vue from vue,
import Vuex from vuex.
In here we have showWeather is false,
because showWeather is just toggling
whether or not we're gonna see the weather
component, whatever it might be.
And so, it starts as false, we start
off with the idea of this template, so
each one of them I'm
thinking of as a template.
So the drizzly template
is like one template,
and then like tornado template
would be like another template.
So template, we start at 0, and
then in the mutations, we're toggling
the state is just like showing
the weather and not showing the weather.
Or we're using update template and we're
basically saying, increase it, increase
it, increase it until it gets to a certain
point, and then have it wrap back around.
I didn't show you that part,
but if I went past the tornado,
it'd go back to the drizzles.
So if we're looking at the way that this
is built, we've got that dialogue that
comes in and kinda shakes around as
it's telling you different things, and
that is going to toggle both that dialogue
and also the component, cuz they're both
coming in at the same time, they're just
in different parts of the application.
So we've got that phone button
that we had pushed, and
on click it's vf showing weather,
so we're gonna,
if it's showing weather or
not showing weather.
We've the phone that like, press me, thing
that's gonna go away if that show weather
is in a different case, we're wrapping,
this group, and all these different
components in a transition group,
because even though unmounted,
I had that transition that had
a bunch of things happening and stuff.
They're all fading in,
and then fading out,
they all share that piece of a transition.
So some of the transition logic is just
fading it in and fading it out and
the rest of it is the thing that
we used the life cycle hook for.
So we're just gonna at leave
is leave drop area CSS false,
and then G if, showWeather, which is
what we were toggling in our state.
And then, the template is 1,
template is 2, template is 3,
and then the else for the tornado.
So we're advancing the state
in our store through that
mutation that we're showing
these different templates.
And then we're saying,
if we have these different templates then
show them depending on where we are at.
So we're advancing and
coordinating with Vuex.
So here's some of the template logic.
We have a computed, we have the template,
return this.store.state.template so,
the template is just basically
going to be a computed value.
I only wanted to update when that
template increments and changes, so
that's gonna be a computed value that
I can just used template as I needed
which I did when I said template equals 1,
template equals 2.
Then we also have these methods,
which are toggling that
is this dot store dot state dot commit,
remember commits, commit that mutation,
and then the mounted had all that
animation logic we looked at earlier